All the NASA maps were downloaded for directTDoA python GUI project at https://neo.sci.gsfc.nasa.gov/

Nasa note:
"The images available in NEO are freely available for public use without further permission. Please use the credit statement attached to each
dataset, or at the very least credit NASA Earth Observations as the source."


BlueMarble (map from Dec 2014) - directTDoA_map_NASA_bluemarble.jpg 1582949
NASA's Blue Marble: Next Generation images show Earth in true color. The images show how the surface would look to a human in space if 
our world had no clouds and no atmosphere. NASA's Terra satellite collected these images. There is one Blue Marble image for each month of the year 2004.
These images allow us to explore changes on Earth's lands over time. Notice how the patterns of green (trees and plants), brown (exposed land surface)
and white (snow) change from winter through spring, summer, and fall.
The Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) on NASA's Terra satellite sees Earth's entire surface almost every day. Over time, 
scientists can combine MODIS' daily views of the globe into single images of the whole Earth, called "global composites." 
The images you see here (named "Blue Marble: Next Generation") show the Earth's land surface in true color.
https://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/Features/BlueMarble


Albedo (map from February 2017) - directTDoA_map_NASA_albedo.jpg 1162489
When sunlight reaches the Earth’s surface, some of it is absorbed and some is reflected. The relative amount (ratio) of light that a surface 
reflects compared to the total sunlight that falls on it is called albedo. Surfaces that reflect a lot of the light falling on them are bright
and they have a high albedo. Surfaces that don’t reflect much light are dark, and they have a low albedo. Snow has a high a albedo, and forests have a low albedo. 
These maps show albedo on a scale from 0 (no incoming sunlight being reflected) to 0.9 (nearly all incoming light being reflected). 
Darker blue colors indicate that the surface is not reflecting much light, while paler blues indicate higher proportions of incoming 
light are being reflected. Black areas indicate “no data,” either over ocean or because persistent cloudiness prevented enough views 
of the surface. Our planet’s brightest surfaces (highest albedos) are ice caps, glaciers, and snow-covered ground. Deserts also have 
high albedos. Forests have low albedos, especially boreal forests during summer months.


Topography (map from Year 2000) - directTDoA_map_NASA_topo.jpg 746530  +  directTDoA_map_NASA_topo_grayscale.jpg 873983
Land topography allows us to make maps of the features of the surface of the Earth. Topographic maps show the location, height, and shape 
of features like mountains and valleys, rivers, even the craters on volcanoes. Another way to think of topographic maps is that they are 
a picture of the three-dimensional (3-D) structure of the surface of the Earth. Flat maps can create a 3-D effect by making some parts of 
the map dark and other parts light. This is called "shading" because it makes features on the surface look like they are casting shadows. 
This topographic map is made from data collected from three sources: NASA's Space Shuttle, Canada's Radarsat satellite, and topographic maps 
made by the U.S. Geological Survey.
This image was derived from the U.S. Geological Survey's GTOPO30 data set. GTOPO30 is a global digital elevation model (DEM) resulting 
from a collaborative effort led by the staff at the U.S. Geological Survey's EROS Data Center in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. Elevations 
in GTOPO30 are regularly spaced at 30-arc seconds (approximately 1 kilometer). GTOPO30 was developed to meet the needs of the geospatial 
data user community for regional and continental scale topographic data.
https://www2.jpl.nasa.gov/srtm/  http://www.asc-csa.gc.ca/eng/satellites/radarsat1/


Vegetation (map from May 2018) - directTDoA_map_NASA_vegetation.jpg 1043700  +  directTDoA_map_NASA_vegetation_grayscale.jpg 1031967 
Dark green areas show where there was a lot of green leaf growth; light greens show where there was some green leaf growth; and tan areas 
show little or no growth. Black means "no data."
The colors on these maps show a measure of the "greenness" of Earth's landscapes. The values on these maps—ranging from -0.1 to 0.9—have no unit.
Rather, they are index values in which higher values (0.4 to 0.9) show lands covered by green, leafy vegetation and lower values (0 to 0.4) 
show lands where there is little or no vegetation.
The maps shown here, called Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI), were produced using data collected by the Moderate Resolution Imaging 
Spectroradiometer (MODIS) aboard NASA's Terra satellite. 
https://terra.nasa.gov/

done. 

:-)

linkz
july 2018